update: follower fetching content updated to include GCP (#378)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/kafka/concepts/follower-fetching.md

   receive data, improving overall performance.

:::note
Follower fetching is supported on AWS (Amazon Web Services) and

> GCP (Google Cloud Platform).

Reviewer: They renamed GCP to Google Cloud a while back.
```suggestion
Google Cloud.
```

  the `broker.rack` setting, eliminating the need for manual configuration.

- `client.rack`:  This setting on the Apache Kafka consumer indicates the AZ where
  the consumer is running. It allows you to fetch data from the nearest replica.

>   For example, setting `client.rack` to `use1-az1` on AWS or `europe-west1-b` on GCP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, setting `client.rack` to `use1-az1` on AWS or `europe-west1-b` on Google Cloud
```
